# Connoisseur

Welcome to Connoisseur, a restaurant information retrieval system powered by Yelp data and an innovative chatbot interface. This project aims to provide users with a seamless and personalized experience, allowing them to access detailed restaurant reviews and information based on their specific dietary preferences.

## Introduction

In a world filled with diverse culinary choices, finding the perfect restaurant that caters to individual tastes and dietary requirements can be a daunting task. Connoisseur simplifies this process by extracting and organizing restaurant reviews from Yelp, empowering users to query the system with hyper-specific needs, such as vegan, gluten-free, halal, and more.

## Key Features

Data Extraction: Utilizing the Yelp Fusion API and web scraping, our system collects comprehensive restaurant reviews and details.

FAISS Vector Database: The project employs FAISS to efficiently index and store Yelp reviews, enabling quick and accurate retrieval.

Chatbot Interface: Interact with our intuitive chatbot to ask questions and receive tailored restaurant recommendations based on dietary preferences.

Whether you're a food enthusiast seeking hidden gems or someone with specific dietary requirements, Connoisseur is designed to enhance your restaurant exploration experience. Explore, query, and discover the perfect dining spot that suits your unique tastes.


## Project Structure

The project repository is organized as follows:


```bash
/zerotooneai-capstone
│   README.md
│
├── raw_text_files/
│   ├── restaurant1.txt
│   ├── restaurant2.txt
│   ├── ...
│   └── restaurantN.txt
│
├── Yelp_to_text_files.ipynb
└── reviews-faiss-chatbot.ipynb
```

- raw_text_files: Contains text files generated by Yelp_to_text_files.ipynb. This is the data the chatbot is trained to answer on.


## Usage

### Yelp_to_text_files.ipynb

The Yelp_to_text_files.ipynb notebook fetches data from the Yelp Fusion API and web scrapes Yelp to extract restaurant reviews. It stores the reviews for each restaurant in a separate text file within the "raw_text_files" directory.

Instructions:
Open Yelp_to_text_files.ipynb using Jupyter Notebook or a compatible environment.
Execute the notebook cells to fetch and store Yelp reviews.

### reviews-faiss-chatbot.ipynb

The reviews-faiss-chatbot.ipynb notebook stores and indexes the Yelp reviews in an FAISS vector database. The chatbot code utilizes a retriever from this database to provide responses related to the restaurants.

Instructions:
Open reviews-faiss-chatbot.ipynb using Jupyter Notebook or a compatible environment.
Execute the notebook cells to store data in the FAISS vector database.
Run the chatbot code to interact with the indexed restaurant reviews.


## Querying with Dietary Preferences
Users can query the chatbot with hyper-specific dietary preferences (e.g., vegan, gluten-free, halal) to get information about restaurants that meet their specific needs.

Example query: "Suggest some Indian restaurants in Oakland, Pittsburgh", "What are some vegan dishes at 'restaurant name'"
